left hand monkey wrench number two is definitely first yes you are first 10 oh
five huh darn it I really want to get started earlier because I'm up really
late after these things are done when I start so late Steph with an F Misha
fire fire bike yes Pamela we got a box today thank you very much Fred is
actually really happy with her stuff just to let you know you hit a home
run with a couple of those things this vest with the little sparkly stuff on it
she digs it she digs it I think she might wear it for like weeks in a row
that's how much she likes it she took it out of my hand so fast changed the
shirt underneath and went immediately in she loved it loved it loved it loved it
and it fits perfect she's super excited about it thanks what I want is
high morbidity I want people to complain so what do I do I go to Des Moines
ladies and gentlemen of people on the screen I have nothing against Des Moines
I live there for four years I go to Des Moines I infect a couple of
Sentinel cases in Des Moines I go to Seattle I infect a couple of cases there
I go to North Carolina I go to Wisconsin what I'm doing is I'm using a
dispersion methodology to be able to infect Sentinel cases with a highly
morbid condition these individuals complain again this is a central nervous
system condition so they're complaining of whatever the bug may do it'll produce
some cascade of neurological and neuro psychiatric signs and symptoms and
then what I do the real bug that I use is the internet I take attribution for
that yes I'm a terrorist group and I have done this by infecting with a
highly little agent and the first signs and symptoms of lethality are x y and z
these people are really sick with this but then I say others who are also
infected will show subdramal pre-dramal signs of lethality and what that will
be is anxiety sleeplessness agitation what I've now done is I've got every
individual who is diagnostically hypochondriacal and I've got every
individual who's the worried well flooding the public health system
is rebel news is rebel news the the organization or the dudes that are
running around in Davos right now I've always been wondering about that guys
he's able to travel definitely got enough money for travel okay I see I
fracture the integrity of trust and reliance upon the population and its
government it doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until
we invent really important ones you know until we have a pandemic that's
killing everyone you know and you know it's not it's you know measles plus and
okay I can tolerate what you think about measles because you know not that many
people die from it it's just a big hassle in the end but no when when we
have this new pandemic that is you know got 75% mortality and it's not it's
that there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs it
will be a moral emergency because it has to be and this is just sheer
contingency as to whether we're in one condition or another I mean so and I
also now know that our friend Jonathan Cooe who some of you will know from his
lab leak series early in the pandemic called JC on a bike journal club on a
bike that he also has advanced diversion of this hypothesis so I don't claim it
to be unique I do think I arrived at it independently
if we got rid of infectious disease to the degree that we could we made that
public enemy number one we might simultaneously do be doing the best
possible thing to limit the attractiveness of totalitarian ideology
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a
worst case scenario I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing
with essentially a worst case scenario I'm afraid I should also point out that
our viewers will have noticed that we are sitting here unmasked and I should
point out that actually we are in an interesting sense a model of something
that I believe is not on the public radar so if I'm correct you Robert have had
COVID I've had COVID and I've been fully vaccinated with Moderna all right Steve
you have been vaccinated fully vaccinated with Moderna all right I am
unvaccinated but I am on prophylactic Ivermectin and the data actually shocking
as this will be to some people the data suggests that prophylactic Ivermectin is
something like a hundred percent effective at preventing people from
contracting COVID when taken properly so aside from the risk that possibly the
Ivermectin I got wasn't real and I have every reason to think it was it certainly
appears to be the genuine article I believe that what we have here is a
demonstration of a kind of composite herd immunity where through three
different routes COVID vaccine and Ivermectin we are protected and you are
that's fair doubly protected so I would just say that for anybody who's
enthusiastic about the vaccines if you're unconvinced by what we have to say
about the hazard of them one thing to consider is that the way to get society
to herd immunity and therefore drive COVID-19 to extinction which ought to be
our goal the way to do it is to get people into this category one way or
the other whether that's through prophylaxis whether it's through a vaccine
or whether it's because they've had COVID already when one could argue that
if everybody just took Ivermectin for a month worldwide really independent some
will find the title that I have given this episode perplexing I would ask them
to stick with the episode through the end and I will explain why I titled it as I
did I I really believe that actually we have the capacity at any moment we
decide to utilize it to end the pandemic and that it is it is well
within reach should we choose to see what is in front of us
Mark is on bit you today or yesterday he's got a little break going on here and
the stuff that he does produce is going to be on other channels just be aware of
that we're defining back we've got two strikes on a couple channels on YouTube
right now so he's gonna be he's gonna be on alternative places just so you know
you know anything with really rapidly fading efficacy such that you need
shots within a year you know Canada saying nine months is as actually JJ
Coe's insistence and I think he's right on calling them
transfections rather than the vaccines
he's scheduled for 16 minutes next he's going on French British Italian Japanese
television people everywhere are starting to listen to him it's embarrassing
excuse me hello cough into the mic to start out the show always a really good
idea to cough into the mic to start the show they don't want us to be able to see
any more ladies and gentlemen you gotta learn your history
you don't understand
any time I ever see anyone talking about goggles I always think of this one
Simpson's episode where a dude is in a movie and he's supposed to be this
superhero guy and then they dump some acid on him and he's like the low rent Arnold
Schwarzenegger in in Simpsons and he says the goggles they do nothing and I don't
know why but at the time when that episode came out I lost my breath for
hours I thought it was so funny anyway patch climb physiology giga home seals
giga home biological that's where the name comes from
giga home biological dot com is where you can find me and also at giga home dot bio
bit of a chat thing you can also find my confession at that Scooby-Doo link you can
find a one-time support link there a link for the brief scroll down for a schedule for a phone
number where you can leave a voicemail sometimes I pick up and you can also subscribe which would
be really great because I think that's the way we become an unstoppable information source on the
internet I thought I had it worked out a couple different times in the last three years the last
one I thought I was almost a dream job and it all came to a pretty abrupt halt and so now thanks
to these people I am fighting for the possibility of becoming a semi-permanent
independent news source on the internet a science news source I know there are many
but not so many take the time to do the things that we do here at giga home biological which is
really try to try to get beyond the veil and so yeah we we got a lot of work to do I do think
and we might have some time to do it I think they're going to draw this out quite long
I never dreamed did you ever dream would be starting our fifth year of the pandemic
did you ever dream we would be just starting the fifth year of the pandemic and still
basically the rhetoric hasn't really moved beyond a faith in a novel virus that people are still
insisting I find it quite extraordinary but you know I wasn't it took me a long time
it took me until 2022 to really wake up to it and 2023 to really really wake up to it
so that the trap was deep
and yeah I think we're starting to get to the point where the ideas that we're trying to peddle
our ideas that can clear the noise a little bit so that's what I'm most excited about
here at at this little workbench of mine it's the 18th of january 2024 thanks for joining me
uh this is the faith we are trying to dispel this idea that novel virus killed millions of people
that millions more were saved from and that gain of function is real and therefore a virus
will come again we're trying to spread the news that there's really no evidence of a spreading
risk additive pathogen in new york city infectious clones really need to be understood by everyone
especially young people young adults the idea of placebo batches and how useful they would be
also needs to be understood by those same young adults and they also need to understand how every
one of their biology professors should have done known better about transfection they need to
understand that the news and social media hid that the protocols were murdered they hid that
gain of function is a mythology they participated in so much better story to sell including the
solving of the mystery they were sucked in just like us because of the spectacular commitment
to lies it's a national security priority ladies and gentlemen national security priorities
return to our colony
i don't know if this when this becomes there's something here that becomes like
it becomes funky um and for some reason they don't like me to use it so i'm gonna cut over here quick
good evening ladies and gentlemen this is giggle biological high resistance low noise
information brief brought to you by a biologist i am coming to you from the back of my garage
in pittsburgh pennsylvania it's 10 22 in the evening here um it sounds and it can look as though i'm
coming to you from a starship enterprise somewhere in an alternative dimension however tonight that
is not the case tonight it is just a normal news brief information brief um i'm gonna escape as
usual out of this slide deck and then i'm gonna bring up the one for this evening this one for
this evening is actually quite abbreviated um because i'm gonna use mostly just raw video from
the internet so just a few links um and then i'll go back to uh where i think we should be in the
regular deck um i haven't released the lit latest deck yet and i apologize i'm still trying to
sort out the um the sort of routine of how we're gonna get um everybody in in motion here uh
actually my wife uh is starting to help with contacting and and communicating with the subscribers
which is a huge forward move um because i just have not really been very good
about communicating with my subscribers and telling them we know what the plan is as far as pdfs and
and and and news briefs and and slide decks and this kind of thing and so
i've been doing a little bit of the misleading of the young myself but over the next few days
and weekend um i think we're gonna figure it out tomorrow's friday we were supposed to have
a nice basketball practice tomorrow night and late and that was going to screw up the whole
schedule but somehow or another with less than an inch of snow on the ground they've decided
that tomorrow's already a snow day and they're going to have a flexible instruction day at home
um so my wife and i are left with our three kids hopefully there will be enough snow so
that they have sufficient time outside um and if not uh i'm gonna try and find a window during
the day to stream however i would like you to be aware of the fact that i will also stream
around 11 30 in the morning tomorrow um eastern standard time 11 30 tomorrow i'm actually doing
an interview with wolf gang woda which i'm very very very excited about um and so that's going to
be um an interesting experience for me and we're going to talk about this disease x and so
since that already kind of came up i thought i would just just veer off a little bit
and and cover a couple things that i wasn't really planning on covering so if this is a
little awkward or a little choppy it's because i just threw all this together in my head
that i should instead try to do this and maybe watch a couple of these discussions to see where the
where the hype is going so that i'm ready for to meet um uh wolf gang tomorrow which is is
seriously like i don't i don't have very many people on a list of people that i'd really like to
meet but secret bhakti is one um i've already got my bucket list guy mike eden on the end of the
email chain and so i really am happy about that but wolf gang is one of these guys who was on the
ball about this in 2009 so he's gone up against this
a smaller version of this scheme he's gone up against it when nobody cared nobody really paid
attention and only 1200 people got hurt in germany or so so it was a very smaller scale thing that
he put his whole career on the line for and because he was fighting against a much bigger monster that
hadn't barely even moved a paw to do the 2009 pandemic now this monster is much bigger
fully awake uh and and around the globe and so it's a much different beast to
oppose for all of us but also on the flip side it just it was much harder for him to gain
traction on a global scale because the pandemic was much more from the perspective of individual
countries it was much more isolated so what happened in germany i guess is what i'm trying to say
what happened in germany was pretty isolated to germany and it didn't spread very far in the
in the consciousness of the populace even throughout the EU is relatively well contained
and so that's an interesting flip here um that i'm very excited about meeting that guy he's
one of my pandemic heroes for sure so we've got to stop misleading the young
we've got to be aware that there is a conscious and intelligent manipulation of our habits
and opinions and if we're not aware of this we will be vulnerable to it in a way that otherwise
maybe we could i don't know not necessarily push back on but not be so not be so vulnerable to
and eventually free of and so i think they fooled us into solving a mystery they made us feel like
we were a bunch of teenagers solving a mystery with our dog and as we unmasked the bad guys
they confessed to us their roles in this in this heist in this pandemic narrative
and we've been trying to build kind of a 30 000 foot understanding of how the pandemic was
orchestrated it had a lot to do with seeding the gain of function narrative in the primary
literature for at least a couple decades um and this is literature about RNA viruses and and how
they're studied how they're purified how they're isolated how they're cultured etc and what kind
of potential these measurements represent then at the same time in parallel over these last couple
decades there have been regular high-level exercises in secret rooms with lanyards and badges
and and fancy meals and even plushies where they go over all these dangers of bioterrorism and
it has moved or let's say evolved into this thing where they're primarily now focused on viruses and
that's mostly RNA viruses so at the beginning of the pandemic it was very important for them to
seed into the narrative some of the likely or expected outcomes of the countermeasures and so
it is possible that they seeded kidney failure into the early covid narrative in order to make
sure that when they rolled out remdesivir that could be confounded with with the virus and
and not blamed on remdesivir it's also possible that they did the same thing for the transfection
in the sense of if they knew that transfection had a high rate of causing stroke and blood clots
then they might say well then we're going to seed that in the narrative at the beginning of the
pandemic so that people know that that symptomology or associate that symptomology with the virus
and so then we can tie in this spike protein and it's this link between the transfection and the virus
that will allow us to throw up our hands and say hey it was an emergency we did our best we chose
the wrong protein or we chose a protein that had too many things we didn't understand
the next time it's going to be better at least we got it started at least we tried it and proved
that it's almost perfect already like wow that's pretty serendipitous that's the whole
point of having this worst case scenario team so that you you constantly believe that in the end
what you're really talking about is are you going to step in front of a train and let it run
you over are you going to step off the tracks for a minute wait for the train to go by and then
step back on the tracks again and they want you to make you think that it's a very easy choice
that this whole idea of well i mean that we don't have any idea of what's going on here we don't
know the properties of this virus but we do know that there is a potential that this could be
much worse than any other type of crisis worse than a nuclear weapon
Sam Harris 2019 December 19th on Brett Weinstein's eighth podcast was talking about a virus
spreading around the world with 75 mortality
so there's no way you can convince me that the worst case scenario hasn't been drilled into us
over and over over at least the last 10 years
in the beginning of movies and the end of movies and the themes of movies and the themes of tv shows
in rap songs everything and at the start of the pandemic they put people in place all over this
socioeconomic map to make sure that no matter where you turned or where you searched you would
find somebody more likely than not that wouldn't question this basic idea that the worst case
scenario is a disaster and so we better take this frickin seriously
and the reason why some of these people a lot of these people are so committed to this narrative
is because they were recruited as part of a national security exercise a national security
operation if you will and to the extent to which they are receiving comfort or artificial algorithmic
amplification it's all part of the same operation it's an imperative that people
complied and so in order to get that compliance part of that operation included
operators that were seeding this worst case scenario narrative to make sure that there was
enough fear to motivate people to follow the directive and take the countermeasures
and when they did that the toxicity of those countermeasures be it remdesivir or be it
transfection would be naturally confounded with the properties of the disease because of the way
the narrative in the first year was told because of the way in which the limited spectrum of debate
about the properties of the virus was controlled by the same people who would then control the
narrative about the transfection and lead us all by the hand especially those people without
biological backgrounds through this you know maze of confusion
early but i want his high morbidity i want people to complain and so that's why we play this guy
all the time because his lecture about how this would be done and his emphasis on the fact that
you would only need to create the illusion of spread with complaining people in a few places
and then use the internet to confound that signal with spread and now we have people like Jessica
Hockett and Jonathan Engler and Martin Neil and quite a few other people now Denny Rancour
who have put together observation sets data sets which indicate that these mass casualty events
while they existed did not have spread geographically from them and that is a highly
suspect observation which correlates well with the idea of what Dr. Giordano says in this video
which is that there is a way to use a pathogen or a toxin a toxin is what he's talking about in
this that is a highly morbid condition so that people complain and then the rest of the time
you say that there are other asymptomatic spreaders and so you've got to be aware that you can
asymptomatically spread this virus and at the same time you could also develop a very severe
disease it's all a very random thing that we don't understand
and so this don't understand this random thing I'm going to switch this to this this yes is
they have orchestrated this with winning and unwitting actors
and it's a question of how many actors do you really need I one of the things I would really
like you to consider is like the corporate tug-of-war let's say that we had 20 people from the
neuroscience department at Pitt and 20 people from the biochemistry department at Pitt
and we lined them up on a pretty fair field with a pretty thick and long rope
and we set them up for a tug-of-war 20 versus 20 how many of these people would be needed
to recruited and sabotage their team before you could guarantee the results and more importantly
how easy would it be for one or two of those people to sabotage their team to lead into the
rope but not really pull to get into the position and struggle and make the noise and squint but
not really pull and so the question really becomes how many of these people are necessary to be
co-opted into this national security operation in order for the rest of the people to just keep
pulling anyway to keep pulling on these same ideas to keep pulling on these these these same
arguments and ignoring all the other ones ignoring the protocols ignoring the changes that we made
to our to our daily lives which have cost hundreds of hours of pain and suffering and deaths to the
thousands and that's what this is really all about is not it's not saying that any one of these
people is bad and in reality right we can have most of the people in the tug-of-war actually
try in their best but because of the nature of this exercise because of the nature of this
operation you got to find your space on the rope we were made to feel like you got to find your
space on the rope these people were made to feel like they had to find their space on the rope
and they did and they pulled together but not everybody was pulling and that's the trick
that's how they got us to buy into this public leak lab leak cover-up happening yada yada
is because they ignored these increases these sources of all cause mortality increase they were
ignored and confounded with this spreading pathogen which was never spreading but we couldn't know
that because the data wasn't available we couldn't know that because the numbers weren't available
we couldn't know that because there wasn't testing and the testing was all being done by the CDC
this illusion of a novel virus that killed millions of people that millions more were saved from
could have been saved from it came from gain of function this is all what we have to break our
children free from and so it's crazy to think that after all this work on this you know gain of
function and worst case scenario idea that we actually have a story that has just come out this
week about a virus that can kill a hundred percent of the mice and infects the brain and is scary
and deadly and frightening and so i just wanted to address this because this is kind of disease
x this is kind of the the story that i suspect one of the things that wolf gang wodock might
ask me about tomorrow and so i thought i'd take a look at this first so this is the paper
lethal infection of human ACE2 transgenic mice caused by sarscov2 related pangolin coronavirus
gx p2v short three prime untranslated region um so i'm gonna do my best here but you have to
understand that there are several papers with a longer version of this virus that precede it
and those four papers i've read but it doesn't really paint a coherent picture of what these
people think these viruses are because again these are RNAs which have been identified in the wild
by a combination of PCR fishing and then metagenomic sequencing on the whole sample
and then sort of best guessing on what coronavirus consensus sequence is represented therein
and so these are pretty complicated alchemical analyses which take a relatively faint RNA signal
and then amplify the background in such a way so that they can make a statistical argument that
there exists a pure signal called a coronavirus and of course this is the stuff that the no-virus
people have been harping on for three years now four years now that this idea of how they isolate
and and propagate viruses is very very strange and so let's just try to read this this abstract
and this this paper together and see how far we can get and see if we can figure out what's going on
here and i'm just going to turn off this scroll at the top so i can see where we are here
so first of all let it be known that the chd defender did an article on the 18th is that today
yesterday written by john michael demise and he's a nice guy
and this article is extraordinary because they quote almost everybody in the whole world i don't
know how they got so many quotes um chinese scientists have created a mutated pangolin coronavirus
that is a hundred percent lethal and humanized mice raising biosafety concerns around
risky gain of function research hmm let's see now keep in mind that i i used to work
um with chd uh for chd as a staff scientist and i used to work as a defender
consultant or advisor or you know whatever i was the the guy that helped the defender a
little bit so i would have probably been able to help with this article had i still been um
working for uh chd this week so let me just read it quick here so let's go back again right chinese
scientists have created a mutated pangolin virus okay so let's see
SARS-CoV-2 related pangolin coronavirus gx p2v can cause a hundred percent mortality in
human ace-2 transgenic mice potentially attributable to late-stage brain infection
this underscores a spillover risk of this into humans and provides a unique model for understanding
pathogenic mechanisms of SARS-CoV-2 related viruses so let's see what we've got here this is
going to be a little bit of a mess to get through first of all it doesn't look like they created
the virus if you read the other four papers what you find is that the original pangolin virus that
that doesn't have this short does is not miss is not and miss having this deletion which creates
the short um three prime utr which i believe what this this designates um
these virus so here it's it's here we previously we previously this is where you get it we previously
reported that the early passage gx pv2 isolate was actually a cell culture adapted mutant
which possessed 104 nucleotide deletion at the three prime untranslated region so
they passaged a clone
and of an isolate so this infectivity have been studied the isolate which was higher
homology can infect and i believe that these studies these first four studies were all done
by cloning that pangolin isolate and they don't explicitly say it but i assume
and maybe i'm making an ass of you and me by assuming that but it sure does feel as though
they're using the term very loosely to say it without saying that they are making a DNA construct
and then generating the cloned RNA from it and they're starting from that cloned RNA which represents
this virus that they're going to transfect into these cells and again you can tell if they're
doing that because they have to start with a cell culture they need to transfect something
before they can before they can do the virus thing so let's see if if we can find any trace
of that okay so this gdo one isolate uh can infect golden hamsters and ace two mice in contrast
can also affect both species it doesn't appear to be obvious cause obvious disease
we previous those so that's the full-sized virus that doesn't seem to cause obvious disease in
those animals so they previously reported that the early passaged isolate was actually a cell
culture adapted mutant named so i'm not really sure if this language isn't perfect but it's a
mutant with a uh a deletion and the deletion after they cloned it this we cloned this mutant
considering the propensity of coronaviruses to undergo rapid adaptive mutation in culture so
this really does say that because coronaviruses and you could also just read that because
self-replicating RNA let's just call it a little bit more specific word that means something to
all of us at the same time self-replicating RNA molecules
they cloned it and why did they clone it because of the propensity of self-replicating RNA to
undergo rapid adaptive mutation in cell culture rapid adaptive mutation being characterized by
hundreds of thousands of subgenomic RNAs translated for every long RNA that gets most of the genome
hundreds of thousands and then the one that gets the long genome will still have errors and still
will likely not be a full genome but that's how they again they're writing this to the editor so
this is how they they write it so we found that this short version gx version clone clone
can infect human ACE2 mice with high viral loads detected in both lung and brain tissue
high viral loads remember that so we're going to look at how the high viral loads are defined
this infection resulted in a hundred percent mortality in human ACE2 mice we surmise that the
death cause of death may be linked to the occurrence of late brain infection
now this is important this right here the human ACE2 mouse model expressing human ACE2
under the control of the CAG promoter the CAG promoter
was developed using random integration technology by Beijing
spefarm biotechnology company
now if i'm not mistaken this might mean that the whole point of this is to sell the mouse model
anyway the point is is that this is a promoter that is very a specific okay that means that
wherever it integrated it's going to express a lot of ACE2 so now the first question becomes is
are it is the physiological expression profile of human ACE2 equivalent to that
of where the mouse ACE2 would be in a healthy mouse and if that so does that result in a healthy
mouse on the other hand have they added human ACE2 to a mouse with mouse ACE2 or is it a knockout
mouse you see i guess it must be a knockout mouse we're just going to assume the best that they
knocked out the ACE2 in the mouse and then they put in a human ACE2 under the CAG promoter which
is a very hot promoter it's going to it's going to express wherever it is it's going to express
a lot of human ACE2 which means that if these are exosomes with a a human ACE2 protein agonist on
the outside then if there really is some kind of fusion mechanism then there's going to be a
lot of fusion happening with these exosomes if they put them into a mouse that is over expressing
this protein so that's interesting in order to obtain a genetically homogenous clone for animal
experiments we clone the passage mutant through two successive plaque assays what
shoot that doesn't make any sense to me and i'm you know i'm not a virologist so it may
make sense to a virologist to obtain a genetically homogenous clone for animal experiments we cloned
to obtain a genetically homogenous clone which is a noun for animal experiments we cloned
which is a verb the passage mutant through two successive plaque assays plaque assays being this
thing where they where it's like a double layer of agar that prevents the virus from going anywhere
and so then you put the virus at a very low concentration and then you get separate virus
mutants replicating that you can then select from these plaques and then you get i guess a lot of
subgenomic RNA because the cells are dying from so it's strange i don't know what you would get
if you did that and then you i guess you would take that plaque assay and you do another plaque
assay and so then that would be very pure and then at that stage these clones when compared to the
genome of the original mutant all four shared identical mutations and then this one c7 was
randomly selected for evaluation for viral pathogenicity that's weird that they selected that
randomly initially we assessed whether c7 could cause disease in human ACE2 mice by monitoring
daily weight they put five times five ten to the fifth plaque forming units of virus
and i don't really know how that translates to plaque forming units per milligram because
again in the figure that's what you see you see copies per milligram see log base 10
copies per milligram log base 10 copies per milligram
and they called that high remember they called that high concentration these are the these
are the figures we're looking at here and so this would be the this is networking
this would be um hold on one second i'll get that there we go there we go
yeah so this says brain i'm sorry you can't read this maybe i should get a pdf out here
i did already didn't i oh yeah no here we go
see if i can get a good a better picture for you is that working
yeah it's a little better okay so these are the mice that are dying
remember that they put five times ten to the fifth plaque forming units into their menos
and what is this three days post six days post and this is viral and oh it's n protein copies per
milligram
hmm
remember that the n protein will be one of those sub genomic RNAs that's
copied hundreds of thousands of times more than full genome so even if
even if you think about transfecting the mouse in the nose it's pretty easy to imagine how the
subgenomic RNAs of but it could be i guess that's not RNA though i guess they're looking for protein
i would have to look at the figure legend de quantification of n gene copies
n gene i think is is i think n gene is sub genomic RNA so there you go that's the that's the
that's the rub if you remember from our model of of the infectious cycle
when we look at nanopore sequencing papers and when we look at old-school RNA
gel papers where they separate the total RNA fractions out it's a very very very tiny
almost undetectable fraction that is large enough to be considered a full genome
and with nanopore sequencing we they haven't been able to find a very large fraction at all it's
tiny minuscule ridiculously small just like the old papers seem to suggest so in this case
when they look for n gene copies what they're looking for because they're going to use a reverse
transcriptase to find it first they're looking for those sub genomic RNAs of the n protein which
is one of the most abundant if not the most abundant protein produced let's
let's look at that because i don't know what what that looks like anymore i don't remember
what that looks like okay i'm not going to do that now because that'll take too long but
i want to watch these other things so here here's where i think we've already figured out okay so
let me just summarize it again i know that it's just broken up i know this is lame but i wanted
to go through this so it's kind of like a study all because i wanted to go through this before i
talked to wolf gang tomorrow so what it seems they're doing here is they're looking for
viral n copies per milligram so they're doing some kind of sample from these different tissues
and they're looking for a signal that indicates n gene copies now if you remember very carefully
remember back to when we when we have looked at the total RNA in a cell culture looked at the
total RNA in a closed-transfection infection system where there's cytopathic effects or this
kind of thing and we've looked for full genomes we don't find them but what we do find are hundreds
of thousands of times as many copies of the sub genomic RNAs the smaller shorter versions of the
whole genome and the vast giant majority i believe are n and s protein is also quite highly
produced the e protein is also quite highly produced the m protein is also high quietly
but i think the n is the most abundant small sub genomic RNA in a viral infection or a viral
transfection with these sub with these self-replicating RNA so this is interesting because
what that means is is that if you through all of these self-replicating RNAs into the mouth
the nose of the animal and they started to do their thing like they've done in other contexts
they're going to make a preponderance of n protein sub genomic RNAs and other sub genomic RNAs
there's going to be thousands and thousands of times as many of those as there will be of this
full genome so that's why they look for that because that RNA is also likely to spread elsewhere
and so if something does happen with this huge load of self-replicating cloned RNA
being put into the animal's nasal passages it's possible that the most abundant sub genomic
form of that RNA is we're using their terms when we call it sub genomic RNA but
it is a it is a tiny form of this whole they i don't even know if they really understand it
but what they're fooling around with is a self-replicating RNA and the patterns of RNA that are
produced by that self-replicating RNA and i i get that it's showing up in the lungs i get that
it's showing up in the eye where there's there's there's there's passage from the nose to the eye
we know that already like lacrimal ducts and and and whatever other tubes are in there
and so it's not unusual that it would also get to the brain because again of the intense connection
between the the olfactory system and the brain and it's the fact it's the only sensory system that
has a direct line in and doesn't need to go through the thalamus so you've got a lot of
potential here for for explanations for how this n protein RNA gets up in the brain that doesn't
necessarily indicate that it's that's the reason those animals are dying the animals are dying
because they were in like an internasally injected with it a metric ton of self-replicating RNA that
was going to make a huge quantity of foreign RNA in their epithelial cells if it works as it says on
the tin so that's pretty extraordinary to me that that this paper is not really as impressive
you know codon changes in the and and what they it's it's impressive to me
because it's not wow I don't know what to tell you anymore guys i'm i'm a little kind of sad by this
because here we have
Marty saying that risky experiments are taking place this infection resulted in 100 mortality
i mean it doesn't mean anything first of all remember that the monkeys that were infected with
SARS-CoV-2 clone also were killed they died i mean they didn't survive it i don't think
they were sacrificed because they wanted to see where it went
so James Thorpe interesting he gets quoted in this one wow
sure appears like a lab created bioepin to me am i missing something do you believe that this
research is being done for the good of humanity what have we have we collectively gone insane
great news everybody oh here that's this one
that's that's that's mr uh that's mr mr narrative for the first two years mr mr narrative for
the first two years he let everybody and their mom take the shot and then some and then some more
before he ever sort of kind of found his oh wow i mean he's as bad as Brett Weinstein
so uh barking mad yada yada Francis Ballyu oh my gosh that was a dude who just had bad
opinions all the time for the first year gosh this guy was awful Richard Ebright why not give
Richard Ebright a say in something in the defender what a great idea the guy who said that there
would be 250 000 college kids dead if we opened up the universities in the fall of 2020
that's what he said that's what he said
wow Richard Ebright i mean he's one of the worst of these kinds of lab leak worst case
team worst case scenario he is he is a government and Rutgers funded team worst case scenario
in its fight he could be a could be the team captain for all i know
ebright ebright ebright i'm surprised that high risk low value research such as the
research in this preprint continues in china today it's nothing they just put some RNA
they just put some RNA in a mouse nose and then they found some parts of that RNA
in the mouse it's not that big a deal it's really not the fact that the amount the mouse
had an immune reaction that resulted in it in it getting so sick that they had to kill it or that
it died is also not that big a deal it's really not not if what they put into them was an RNA that
was at an active transfection investigators claim it's not gain a function it's not
it brian hooker says that it is it's not true the high level of mutation in these RNA viruses
the more experimentation involving the eight infected humanized mice could select for mutations
that interact more robustly with the human ACE2 receptor so what brian is saying and i think
incorrectly is that by putting it into the mice that it was possible that a more dangerous
virus would come out
that's what he's suggesting here which is exactly the illusion that i've been trying to break
it's exactly the illusion that i've been trying to break i don't understand there is no
pandemic potential in bat caves there is no way to passage viruses in a cell culture and get them
to be worse that is what is implied in this paper they say that the original pangolin virus
was passage in cell culture and resulted in a deletion of over a hundred nucleotides and that
virus with that deletion was the one that they put inside of these animals and so
that is the virus that brian is suggesting might actually passage itself into a pandemic
potential virus no no that's exactly the mythology they want us to teach our children
so what in the hell is going on here why are why is there a
why is there a why are there quotes in a chd article saying that this is
this is gain of function research there's no two ways about it like
christina parks a science educator with a degree in cellular molecular biology
this is gain of function research
the epoch times biosafety now
it sounds like every one of these people is on team worst case scenario
didn't anybody listen to me when i said that r&a can't do this
that that's not what's happening they're misrepresenting this
they're misrepresenting this and and people are buying into it all great here's frances boil
he's going to tell us
the wuhan cover up will blow up blow out of the water the international disinformation
campaign bought us and chinese government officials and they're bribed scientists that
covid-19 somehow magically jumped out of the wuhan wet market
kennedy's book will provide the ammunition needed for us lawyers to hold them all
legally accountable for this nuremberg crime against humanity
that's what frances boil said about robert f kennedy's book
however the findings showed largely in absence of major inflammatory responses or tissue damage
exceptionally high genome copies they're not genome copies you see that's already wrong
they're not genome copies they're copies of the n
r&a you see this is kind of this is kind of frustrating because that is a highly
immunogenic protein and it's a highly immunogenic protein so if it is there
and being made in high quantities that would already be enough
i mean
we're confounding viral infection viral replication and successful viral spread
through the body with an overload of self-replicating r&a and an overload of the proteins that are
encoded by that r&a this is very different than a viral infection in the cartoons and they know it
a proposal here is the proposal what's that proposal is that the is that the my gosh
here we go
i don't know what to say ladies and gentlemen this looks pretty scary to me it looks like
they're really trying to rev it up let's see what alina chan's got to say about it oh my gosh
alina chan the lady that uh found the that found the the viruses that were
the the sequence difference and how much it changed in oh my gosh this is amazing
have we learned nothing from the coronavirus pandemic
oh come on now
why are you doing me new reporting suggests chinese laboratories just can't help themselves
according to daily mail chinese scientists have reportedly developed a mutant coronavirus strain
that attacks the brain and has a 100 percent kill rate in mice worse they admit there's a
risk it could spill over to humans the virus is a modified version of a strain found in pangolins
and was tested on mice expressing a protein found in humans to test that the disease might
impact people reportedly all mice infected with the virus died between seven and eight days after
being infected with symptoms including their eyes turning completely white
but why would they show this picture right here
what are they doing if they're showing this picture right here
oakland school allows covid positive students to 10 class what is this
do you see what they're doing to our kids do you see what they're doing to our our our
college age kids that watch this show they are brainwashing them they are bamboozling them with
magic spells and this guy listen to him talk what kind of nonsense is this rapid weight loss and
fatigue researchers additionally found significant viral load in the mice's brains lungs noses eyes
and windpipes while the potential for a new pandemic could be rising here at home pandemic
prevention measures have done a full 180 oakland a new covid policy is allowing even students who
test positive for the coronavirus to attend the classes as long as the child is asymptomatic they
can go to school but they are encouraged to wear a mask here to discuss the coronavirus and this
potential new mystery disease out of china is alina chan scientific advisor at the broad
institute of mit and harvard and co-author of viral the search for the origins of covid-19
welcome back to rising alina is she really scientific advisor i think she can't be i think
she's got to be like a scientist or something she can't be an advisor to the whole institute that
would just be absurd she would go from a a postdoc nobody to having a pre-print that nobody printed
that everybody had to ignore because it showed that a RNA was somehow or another showing up
identical in all these places around the world not changing at all as they kept finding it
unlike the last time they had to trace one of these RNAs around the world where it changed
10 or 12 or 30 amino acids every time they got a sequence that pre-print has never been printed
then pre-print has never been published i covered it twice on my bike in the beginning of this thing
in 2020 and she would not communicate with us that that did not happen but she wrote a book
she's selling one of those books and now she's here to tell us about this gain of function research
this worst case scenario that's just around the corner
i i can't stress enough how i think team worst case scenario was one of the most important
aspects of the pandemic thanks for having me so if it is possible to to calm us down to make our
us less fearful please do so but i i know you'll be as honest and blunt as necessary what is this
is this study not somehow not as bad as it seems what's going on
yes the the wording in this study is a bit unfortunate because the pandemic virus SARS-CoV-2
also causes a hundred percent of humanized mice to to die so it's not clear based on this new
letter whether or not the the pangolin virus is is more concerning than the pandemic i want you to
consider the possibility that humanized mice under the cag promoter could be the worst possible
disease model given the coronavirus cartoon narrative it is possible that they have actually
engineered a toxin and then engineered a mouse to be vulnerable to the toxin and then have told us
that when we scored a bunch of the RNA encoding the toxin into the mouse's nose that after the
nose an epithelium manufacture the toxin that the mouse's immune system goes apeshit really
wow surprising and you can find that RNA in places after you injected it really wow that's surprising
ladies and gentlemen we can't take any of this for granted anymore we can't take any of their
models of infection for granted anymore and this is a model of infection it is a genetically
altered mouse that is being used to justify the lethality of a virus it is being used to justify
the existence of pandemic potential without these mice we wouldn't be able to know how dangerous
these viruses are but with humanized mice holy crap they all die
but wait i thought SARS-CoV-2 was a really really uh not so lethal virus and that was the trick it
was an incapacitating agent but it killed all the mice so how useful of a disease model they are
those mice if they die from a uh a virus that everybody now apparently agrees on that it infected
so many people went around the the earth for five years has actually very mild and that's why
everybody had it but most people didn't get sick i'm drowning in contradictions here
this is extraordinary and they have bamboozled our friends our families our neighbors everyone
our teachers at their school the high school kids the college kids the college professors that
haven't pulled their head out are completely bamboozled by this mythology
virus but it is yet another example where the public is only learning about risky virus research
once it is done once it is done and published that's when the public finds out so people don't
don't get to find out before the work is done that is apparently no consultation and what this
means is that if these viruses had not been published and if they unfortunately leaked from a lab
and they didn't create it this is not created it's an RNA it's an RNA
that they generate with a combination of PCR fishing and then metagenomic sequencing they
said it right in their in their papers that's how they found the original gx pl4 whatever it is
you can read those papers that's how they do it that's how they did it that's how they always do it
it would be no way for the public to tell if this was from nature or if it came from a lab
it had been genetically enhanced so this is a real the reason why there's no way for you to tell is
because any significant RNA signal has to be generated by a synthetic virus it has a synthetic
molecule it has to be it has to be generated in a laboratory because there are no significant
homogenous circulating RNA signals in nature holy cow i just said it better than i've ever
said it before there are no there are no highly homologous circulating RNA signals in nature there
are none but they can create something that's approximate to that they can create models of that
in a laboratory and they can create humanized mice and then use them as models for that we are
getting farther and farther and farther away from anything that has any relation to reality
and yet we are trying to suggest that this is implying a pandemic potential a pandemic potential
that's even worse than SARS-CoV-2 or in her case that's not any worse than SARS-CoV-2 because
SARS-CoV-2 also kills 100% of humanized ACE2 mice
you're accepting their their gain of function monster when you accept the idea of what what
Brian Hooker said here and i love Brian Hooker he is a hero he is the guy who drove across the
country to confront the CDC in person and found the first definitive evidence that the CDC was
hiding that they knew that vaccines were hurting kids and especially black boys
Brian Hooker is a hero he's going to be a hero for all time but here he is confused
he is confused because he thinks that if an RNA sequence is created that has the right
combination of bases that it can circulate the globe for five years and it cannot
write
high fidelity replication of RNA is not possible it does not happen there's no evidence for it
and the idea that you can use RNA a special RNA sequence as i showed you here
the idea that you can use a special RNA sequence and you can put it in a cell culture you can put
it in an animal and that it will change as it moves through that animal it will change as it
infects that animal to go from being okay to being a pandemic potential virus or even worse than it
was when it went in there is no biology to support that idea because in the end every one of these
replication steps is highly inefficient highly erroneous and highly prone to recombination
and recombination during RNA replication is essentially an end point to stop a break
and so that's why hundreds of thousands of the first gene encoded in these self-replicating RNAs
is made hundreds of thousands of times more often than the whole genome
and so i'm just going on the stuff that we think we know and the stuff that we think they're not
lying about it's still possible that the no-virus people the super skepticists say that there's
nothing of none of this is real that even these self-replicating RNAs are an illusion but i i tend
to believe that it's possible that what they've really done is tricked us into believing that
they're working on a natural phenomenon in reality what they're working on is something that they hope
will become a useful phenomenon and that they're they're making an approximation of what they think
they found in nature but they can never really make nature give it to them on a regular basis
so they have an approximation it's called an infectious clone and that's how they get these
kinds of experiments to appear to work because if you put an infectious clone down here
or in this case an infectious clone from a pangolin here and then you passage it you can get another
you can get a different RNA at the end over here and that RNA could be cloned and put into an
animal and then that animal would get sick and then you could say look at that wow isn't that cool
and so he says given the high level of mutation of these RNA viruses which is the reason why you
need to start with clones the mere experimentation involving the eight infected humanized mice could
select for mutations that interact more robustly with the human ACE2 receptor that is the mythology
they want to teach our kids and that is a misleading mythology that doesn't have any proof in nature
it just simply doesn't these self-replicating RNAs do not behave this way and they are
absolutely positively spectacularly committed to the lie that they do but they all know that
they start with cloned RNA they start with RNA that's been produced using DNA plasmids and whole
thing they definitely definitely definitely do
and so it's really not good that they have this we have this going on right now i mean it's just
wrong i'm saying for for the world what do we know about this safety protocol in effect at the lab
where the study was done as i understand it a big part of the negligence with respect to COVID-19
was that the kind of equipment being used at the lab was insufficient for the
virality of the the virus that was being created and so she thinks she's figuring this out right
that oh yeah i heard that the biosafety level that was used for these viruses is actually lower than
it should be and that could be the reason why it leaked it's scooby-doo live on your youtube
channel and because they're not biologists because their salary depends on them not knowing
this is all just it's all just narrative nonsense getting you to think that there is an ongoing
mystery being solved and that Alina Chan is one of those one of those people like velma that's
figuring it out for lab and a different part of china uh but typically these types of viruses
had been handled at pretty low biosafety at bsl2 so at this level there's almost no tracking
of lab escapes so if you had been infected by a virus like sars covid 2 that has only
malt symptoms there's no way you would have caught that and traced it back so what are the arguments
that i made in 2020 already and one of the ways that i got to where i am now
was coming to the conclusion first of all that if all this lab leaking is happening all the time
that started to make me think that wait then maybe we don't have any clue about the background
what if the background is just full of coronavirus it's just full of RNA RNA signals that are from
from pharmaceutical companies dumping stuff in the water RNA from animals and plants RNA from
insects RNA from from these noisy signals called coronaviruses in there everywhere and in all mammals
and so therefore they have led us to believe that the background is relatively pure and clean when
in reality it's just absolutely chock full of signals and we can talk to nathan wolf to hear
all about that because that's what he made is living on his story his sales pitch for meta biota
was that there was all this biological information out there that represented new life forms dark
matter of life and so while we pcr go on pcr fishing expeditions thinking that the only thing we can
catch are coronaviruses with these with these hooks really we could be catching anything
and then once we decide that we caught something in that sample then we start to use
all kinds of other techniques like metagenomic sequencing to find something in that sample
and if the background signal of RNA and DNA is very very very very very thick deep
and heterogeneous then you could find almost anything there depending on your rigorousness
of your of your search and these searches that they've done historically are not rigorous at all
and certainly don't use the kinds of positives and negative controls that somebody would do if
they really wanted to prove the existence of a virus but as i've heard so cleverly described
a couple days ago that the the genius of the no virus argument with regard to
isolation and purification is that it becomes this circular thing you have to argue about these
things you have to argue about these methodologies when the virologists have already moved on from
that and think that that's a a stepping stone to sequencing and since they first do the voodoo
of psychopathic effects and the voodoo of passage in cell culture before they do the sequencing
virology has lost touch with the idea of what these things are doing but again because the
no virus people were so compartmentalized on this one aspect of the methodology without simply
trying to keep working through the whole experimental isolation and characterization process with the
virologists to the point where the virologists would have to see it was what was so clever about
it and here again we have somebody that's just harping on the absolute worst case scenario is
that viruses can circulate for five years six years forever we missed the window and now this
is an endemic virus too bad we didn't listen to Brent Weinstein who had three easy ways to
have zero COVID forever and an investigation so this this letter that came out about the
pangolin virus actually did not state at what level of virus safety the experiments were done
so it could have been low it could have been high there's no way to tell so I think this is
yet another reminder that we can't let scientists self-regulate on these sort of experiments you know
because the benefits are unclear of the study but the risks are real so the risk could impact
billions of people around the world so a scientist might act on a dangerous idea in
appropriate biosafety and unfortunately billions of people paid a price so this is yet another
reminder that we can't just let scientists do whatever they want and as a reminder for viewers
the difference in the kind of lab safety protocols between the US and some labs in China
what has actually been revealed to be a selling point that has been a selling point for doing
the research you know we've covered on the show from the US right to know doing this reporting
showing that some of the one of the grants that that eco health alliance was trying to get you
know specifically was was persuading the the oversight officials that it would be done the
research would be done in the US but there's that note where they're saying but once we get it approved
we can actually do it in China where there's less to worry about it in terms of oversight and so
this is really just the Scooby-Doo and I wanted you to see it I wanted you to see that where we
are this is the fifth year of the pandemic and we still have Alina Chan who came to prominence
in May of 2020 still leading the Scooby-Doo narrative and we're still at the same place we were
four years earlier do you see it now do you see how dangerous it is that the train
is is leaving the lie is becoming the truth it's fifth year the fifth year and Alina Chan still
selling books and still selling the worst-case scenario and I think so is this guy
welcome to today's talk Thursday the 18th of January now being a fairly sad individual I was
browsing through the Cambridge dictionary and I found a rather interesting idiom that's the link
there now the idiom is accidentally on purpose and it means this if you do something accidentally on
purpose you do it intentionally but pretend it happened by chance and so he's actually describing
the scenario that we watched last night that was made for that course in Australia where Antonio
Hardy and Tonya Hardy the creator of the vaccine also actually had released the virus
and she did that in order to release the vaccine and so it's a story very similar to this one right
where you would stage a pandemic so that you could convert your warm base of manufacturing
from traditional vaccines to mRNA so that you could justify the spending of trillions of dollars
to set up this new base of warm base of manufacturing around the world that could make
transfection and so now you have have all of the warm base manufacturing you need around the world
to make transfections forever and transfections are very legal plug-and-play kind of thing now
we're making coronavirus transfections but we can make whatever we want now and make it in high
quantities all around the world and so if we want to spike the sewers with something new we can we
want to spray it into the subways we can you want to you want to this is the place where we are right
now and so as we start talking about disease x what we're not talking about is the fact that
we've always had the ability to do this we've had the ability to put a sequence anywhere
and it as many places as we want with as high a fidelity as we want to imply spread
we've had the ability to transfect people with immunogens with with proteins that will cause
an immune reactions which could cause an allergic reaction which could cause
a not so different than than some kind of interotoxin B kind of thing
and so transfection is possible transfection is real and it was real before the pandemic
RNA being dropped in a puddle or on the back of someone's shoe or in the combination of two cages
and then that RNA faithfully and high fidelity replicating around the earth is impossible
but we can transfect people we can make high quant large quantities of high fidelity copies
of RNA and DNA we can do all that Kevin McCurnan can definitely explain how those various processes
could be done and how we can make large quantities of biologics we know we can do that that's easy
and so the fact of the matter is this guy is still 100% on narrative he's about to tell
you that again accident on purpose they could release something on purpose that would go around
the earth and do damage to people in perpetuity out of their control this is a narrative it is a
mythology of gain of function that they want us to teach our children when we cannot do it
we really can't i'm starving i'm i'm so hungry that i'm quitting early i was going to play that
video uh we don't need to play that video um i got a whole bunch of other stuff i was going to do
tonight but i'm not going to do it because it is time for uh midnight snack and um
i didn't have i didn't have very much dinner tonight because we she made this pasta with
salmon in it and the kids really liked it by the time i got to the table there was hardly any
left so um i need to to figure out what i'm going to do but i think i'm going to make a sandwich or
something like that ladies and gentlemen we are at a time point where human diversity is at its peak
and so there will never be more genetic diversity again and i think they've been telling each other
a story in these back rooms about how a artificial general intelligence is going to come and help
them organize the data that they are collecting now the data from our college kids the genomic
data that they got from our college kids the medical data that they're going to take from their
children they are inverting their sovereignty they don't care about us they don't care about us 50
year old guys they care about our kids and they care about our kids kids this is a multi-generational
game ladies and gentlemen they don't mind if it's going to take them 20 years to usurp us
i don't think it's going to take 20 years but i do think that that timescale has not by any
stretch of the imagination out of the or out of the question and so that's why i'm advocating very
much for the fact that we have to stop transfection and healthy humans full stop because they are
trying to eliminate the control group and i am trying very hard to convince people to subscribe
to my work because i want to have giga ohm establish itself as an independent science news source
on the internet that people trust i think there's a real niche for a biologist that can express
things as succinctly as this so ladies and gentlemen intramuscular injection of any
combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and you academic professors out there
that use transfection in your work better pull your head out soon and viruses are not pattern
integrity thank you very much for joining me this is the independent bright web there are a few
members of the independent bright web i think marq satanic considers himself one he's on a
little hiatus you can find him on other channels like mid shoot and elsewhere and you can also
find him on twitter don't forget he keeps us pretty up to date as well thank you very
much for joining me ladies and gentlemen you can find me at giga ohmbiological.com
and also giga ohm.bio you can find my confession at that scooby-doo link up there you can scroll
down for a schedule for a phone number where you can leave a voicemail and also links where
you can subscribe so you can either help me out month by month you can help me out quarterly
which is actually the most generous of gifts and then also you can help me out as an annual
collaborator that's once a year it just depends on how you feel like doing it i don't i don't even
know the original idea was that that was supposed to be some kind of ladder but it didn't end up
that way because they made the monthly just ten dollars because you wanted to have something
smaller because i don't think everybody can afford to serve to help that much but there are
annual subscribers here quarterly subscribers here monthly subscribers here all of these people
are responsible for what you see and thank them very much for it and i do as well so does my family
thanks very much for joining me i will see you again tomorrow i will see you again tomorrow
i said i will see you again tomorrow